# Agrorobot model and control

This Matlab repository contains all files for the simulation of the CIMAT 
agro-robot. A kinematic as well as a dynamic robot model are available for 
simulation of the robot's behavior in following a specified trajectory.

## Structure ##

The 'bycicle_model_control'-folder contains some files for controlling a 
bycicle model of the robot outputting a linear acceleration and steering 
angle. However, this is not relevant for the CIMAT robot as we have four 
independent steering angles.

The 'controllers'-folder contains all control functions that have the 
current state and goal/traj as input, and output a control action (v, omega). 
New controllers can be added using the 'control_template.m'-function.

The 'models'-folder contains both kinematic and dynamic models of 
the robot in pure matlab scripts.

The 'output'-folder contains the output video's generated by the simulation 
script if the 'render'-parameter is set to true.

The 'utils'-folder contains some basic and main functions as a trajectory 
generator, a plot function, the simulation function, and the optimization 
function for control parameter optimization.

The 'main.m'-script is the main script from where the simulation can be 
executed and implements the 'simulate.m'-function. There can be simulated 
with both the kinematic and the dynamic model, with and without motor models, 
with different controllers, and with different trajectories.

The 'params.m'-script contains all simulation parameters of which all 
parameters are saved in the 'params.mat'-file.

